>>REGINA MEREDITH: If
you've been reading
metaphysical and science
books to gather knowledge
for decades as I have,
there are times when I just
want to have it handed
to me unvarnished,
no references, no
politically-correct language,
just tell me what you know.
Not surprisingly,
some of the authors
of these heavyweight
books themselves
want wider expression such a
scientist and shaman Barbara
Hand Clow.
Toward that end,
she and others have
turned to fiction, which adds
fun and excitement to the read
while getting to the deep
and controversial information
quickly, and there is a lot
of controversial information
in "The Ruby Crystal."
And first of all, I want
to say I feel so honored.
This is your very first public
discussion about this book.
The ink is barely dry.
>>HAND CLOW: Yes.
That's true, Regina.
And I don't know how it's going
to go for me because I've never
talked about it before,
but we'll give it a try.
>>REGINA: Well, And
these are subjects
that are near and
dear to your heart,
and we talked a little bit about
it at the end a conversation
a while back about
why turn to fiction,
And there's a reason for that.
So give us your reason
for turning to fiction.
>>HAND CLOW: Well, in my case, I
always wanted to write fiction.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: But when
I started my career
as a writer 35 years ago,
all I could have done
was write novels about
violence, crime, and lust,
and hideous subjects as
far as I'm concerned.
And so I went into nonfiction
and became successful.
And then when I finally
became successful enough,
I decided it's time to
do what I want to do.
And so I turned back
to writing fiction.
I opened up that gate.
And the way it worked was
just utterly fascinating.
Once I made an
agreement with myself
that I could write fiction
and I would write fiction,
then what happened is,
one day two years ago,
May of 2011, all of the
characters except for one just
showed up one day.
And I took out a yellow
tablet and I wrote down
their names, their ages,
and their backgrounds,
and where they lived, and
they all became a group,
and they all created the novel.
I never plotted it.
I simply sat down every
day from 9:00 to 12:00
and got my characters together,
and they wrote the novel.
And now that I'm
finished with it,
I realized that they're
all fragments of myself.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Of course.
>>HAND CLOW: And I realized
that what was really going on
with me-- I'm still
working on the same issues.
I'm still working on
multi-dimensionality.
I'm still working on the
fourth dimensional control
of the world.
I'm still working
on the same stuff.
But I realized that
I wanted to have
a whole bunch of
characters who had
different kinds of backgrounds.
Like one guy is a really
good-looking, Jewish guy
from New York who's working
for "The New York Times,"
and he's in the Vatican
doing a reporter patrol
on priestly sexual abuse.
Another character is a
very attractive young woman
who's getting her PhD
in patristics, which
is study of the
early church fathers.
She's in Rome on
assignment, and they
run into each
other accidentally.
And that was the best part
of it was the way they met
and the way they got
to know each other.
It was so much fun.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And I know that place.
I've been there in Rome.
It's nice because you're
using some familiar areas
and landmarks within Rome
that many of us have seen
and you kind of anchor
us into your story too.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
And I had a lot of fun doing
that, because I love Italy.
I particularly love
Tuscany, and I love Rome.
And so then what I had
to do with that was,
I didn't necessarily
have everything
I needed so most of the
locations in the novel
are actual places
such as the Vatican
or such as various places
in Tuscany and Siena,
but many other
places are fictional.
So for example,
this young reporter
runs into the young
woman near a site, which
was once-- it's an
archaeological site, which
was the House of Cumuli.
That's all fictional.
But if you go to Rome--
>>REGINA: But archaeological
site with all the cats
is not fictional.
>>HAND CLOW: No.
It is.
No, it actually is.
>>REGINA: I mean, but
it exists in real life.
>>HAND CLOW: No.
No, it doesn't.
It's fictional.
>>REGINA: Really?
What about that site with
all those wild, stray cats?
>>HAND CLOW: No.
First of all, what
you're thinking of,
and it's where it came from is
that when you go around Rome,
you see these walls
and you see these digs.
And if you look down in
them, there's a plaque,
and it tells you what it is.
And then there's cats
running around usually.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>HAND CLOW: But in this
case, as far as I know,
there is no archeol-- Now,
I'm going to Italy in May
to fact check, because
I haven't been back
in about 10 or 15 years.
>>REGINA: Oh, good.
OK.
Cool.
>>HAND CLOW: And maybe there
is a site for the House of--
>>REGINA: Oh, no.
I was probably just jumbling
what you were speaking about.
>>HAND CLOW: No.
No.
But maybe I made it so real
that you thought it was real.
I'm going to have an
afterward in the book,
and I'm going to
delineate what's fictional
and what's not fictional,
because I think
that, for instance, I
also was able to write
this book because I was lucky
enough to know an aristocratic
family in Tuscany and
visit their castle
and visit their home.
>>REGINA: I wondered about
that when I was reading it.
It seemed as though that
was an actual experience
that you were basing it on.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
So I had a wonderful,
deep experience
that went over a
number of years.
>>REGINA: How rich.
>>HAND CLOW: But I'm not
giving the correct name
of their castle
and their family--
>>REGINA: No.
Of course not.
>>HAND CLOW: --just because I
just think it would be better.
It's not necessary.
>>REGINA: And then you have
the gorgeous, handsome artist,
Armando, that, of
course, at first blush,
all women fall in love with.
We can't help ourselves.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
Armando Carolioni, right?
>>REGINA: Yes.
Exactly.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
Right.
>>REGINA: But the
subject itself is really
something that has disturbed
you for a long time
and intrigued you
for a long time.
>>HAND CLOW: Yes.
>>REGINA: And it's
something that I really
think needs to be
gotten out on the table.
And before we get
into it, I want
to say what I appreciated
about this, even though it's
a beautiful, fun, sexy
story that's carrying it,
when you get into this, you're
talking multi-dimensionality.
You're talking about
a condition that
has been perpetrated by the
Roman Catholic Church that
is just devastating to our
psyche that is actually being
driven from other
dimensional forces.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: And that's
the part you don't ever
hear come into the question.
It's certainly not going to make
"The New York Times." right?
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: And it's important.
So tell us a little bit--
before we get deeply into it.
Right at the very
beginning of the book
you talk about the
Church of Marcion
and this figure, Marcion.
I found that really intriguing
because I knew nothing
about this figure in
religious history.
So take some time
to explain to us who
this was, when they
were, what they attempted
to do to uplift and preserve
Christianity and why.
>>HAND CLOW: So this
is Marcion of Pontus,
and he was alive in the east
like in the region of Turkey,
basic region of the Middle East.
And he was on the planet
from about 70 AD probably
to about 150 AD.
What we know about
him historically
was that he was
excommunicated in 144 AD.
We do have one exact date.
But what we do know about him
besides his excommunication
by the Roman church
is that he was
a bishop, an early
Christian bishop.
And of course, most
people who were Christians
were Jewish converts,
so of course, he
has a Jewish background.
And then his father was also
an early Christian bishop.
Now, this is
extremely interesting
because his father
would have been
the same age as Paul of Tarsus.
And so Paul had a very
big influence on Marcion,
and I'm not going to get into
New Testament and biblical
things and I didn't
in the book either
because it's pretty boring.
But what's important
about Marcion is,
he was an early
Christian bishop.
He had bishoprics or diocese
all over the Middle East
and all over parts of Southern
Europe, and his church--
the number of churches he
had, the number of bishops--
was larger much, much larger
than the Church of Peter
in Rome around 100 AD, and he
was a major, major influence.
For example, for
one thing, Marcion
invented the whole system of
having dioceses and bishoprics
in the church
itself, and he also
wrote the first New
Testament canon.
He actually is the
person who came up
with the idea of bringing
the scriptures into a canon,
and then later on, once
he was excommunicated,
then the Roman church took
over the whole process
of putting the
scriptures together.
>>REGINA: And they
completely obscured his name.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
Well, not only
obscured his name,
this is a major
historical figure,
and if you use your computer,
he always comes up in red.
He even is one of
those-- you know
how when you try to use sexual
terms with your computer
and it's red because
it's not allowed?
>>REGINA: Yes.
He comes up in red?
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
Marcion is not allowed.
>>REGINA: M-A-R-C-I-O-N,
by the way.
>>HAND CLOW: Right.
Marcion of Pontus.
Yeah.
So Marcion of Pontus had the
biggest early church system,
and he was the one who
put the canon together,
and then he was excommunicated.
Now, what does
excommunication mean?
It means, that he was taken
out of the line of succession
of the bishops.
And then this means that
all of the people who
were Marcionite bishops,
which was hundreds
at the time, their
powers of succession
were taken away, which
means that they then
had no direct linkage
to Christ or to Jesus.
Now, this is really fascinating.
Isn't it amazing you
haven't heard of him?
>>REGINA: It is.
I've never heard of him.
>>HAND CLOW: I've talked
to lots of people, even
priests who haven't
heard of this person.
It's just absolutely incredible.
And so the reason the book
came for me was 30 years ago
after I finished getting
a master's in theology
with Matthew Fox, I wanted
to get a Ph.D. in patristics,
and I wanted to
base it on Marcion.
So here we are 30 years later--
>>REGINA: You have
this character.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
My character and
her name is Sarah.
And Sarah is very much me in
the book in terms of her work,
and Sarah is
working on this PhD.
And this is what's of
critical importance:
Marcion believed that the early
Christian church should not
attach itself to the
Hebrew scriptures.
>>REGINA: Which is called
the Old Testament otherwise.
>>HAND CLOW: Now,
the Christians--
what I want to call it?-- took
pieces of the Hebrew scriptures
and called it the Old Testament.
And there's lots of Hebrew
scripture they didn't include.
They just took the stuff
that backs up Christianity.
And then they attached the
Acts and the books of the Bible
to the Hebrew scriptures.
So if you take your Bible
out, 1,000 pages of it
are Hebrew scriptures now
called the Old Testament
and 200 pages of it are the
early Christian scriptures.
Isn't that amazing?
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
Even as a little kid, I
found that interesting.
I didn't understand
the need for that.
>>HAND CLOW: Right.
So Marcion believed-- this
is the critical thing--
that the Jewish
God-- now, there's
nothing anti-Semitic or
pejorative in Marcion's
attitude at all.
Some of the Gnostics are pretty
anti-Semitic, not Marcion.
Marcion believed that Yahweh
or Jehovah was the God of law,
and the God of creating
like human structure
and the God of human rulership.
>>REGINA: Almost
kind of Saturnian.
>>HAND CLOW: Well, yes.
Saturnian and also the period
of time we're talking about
is like 2000 BC up
to 0 AD in terms
of the development of
the Hebrew scriptures,
and this is the Age of Aries.
The other thing we
have to throw in here
is the issue of precession
of the equinoxes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: So the Age of
Aries is 2200 BC to like 0 AD.
And then the Age of Pisces is
like 0 AD up to about 2100 AD.
>>REGINA: Now.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
Right.
So now that we're shifting
into the Age of Aquarius,
and people may wonder
what does it go backwards?
Well, precession works that way.
It goes towards Taurus,
Aries, Pisces, Aquarius.
So now that we're going
to the Age of Aquarius,
and I'm an Aquarian,
I really believe
that we need to
reevaluate, and I also
consider myself
to be a Christian.
I can't handle
being in the church
because of what's going on.
I am a Catholic, but
I've left the church.
>>REGINA: You're doing the
journey, this young woman--
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
In the novel, she goes--
>>REGINA: That is your journey.
>>HAND CLOW: --through
her journey and she
leaves the church.
And not a lot of it's
autobiographical really,
but the process is.
So I think and she
thinks that now
that we've come into going
into the Age of Aquarius, which
is going to be much more
of an Age of Enlightenment.
The Age of Pisces has been an
age of emotional processing
because of the nature of Pisces
as a water sign and the nature
of Neptune and spirituality.
And so Marcion believed that
the God that Jesus was talking
about was a God of love
and a God of compassion.
And he simply was saying
Jesus came to this planet
and he's a very, very
high being, by the way.
This is the first
book in a trilogy,
and I'm going to be exploring
who Jesus is much more
deeply in the second
and the third book,
but I wanted to set up a
foundation in the first book
because I believe
that Jesus is a very
highly, multi-dimensional
being who's actually
an integrator of the
whole universe itself.
So he came down and had an
incarnation on this planet
in order to help people
let go of the God of law,
and the need for control,
and the need for everything
to have to be specifically
a certain way,
and to bring in a
God, his father,
a God of love and compassion.
So Marcion had a whole teaching
program, and he went to Rome.
He went to Rome,
finally, in 140 AD
because he was so frustrated
by what was going on
and to plead his
case that we must not
attach the Christian scriptures
to the Hebrew scriptures.
And the novel even
explores the fact
that the Jews didn't
really appreciate it
very much, because
the Christians--
>>REGINA: They felt co-opted.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
They picked and chose what they
liked, and then they said, oh,
and Isaiah said blah,
blah, blah back in 700 BC,
he was talking
about Jesus coming.
Well, if you're a group
of spiritual beings,
a group of Jewish
people and you don't
believe that Christ
is the messiah, what
is this reinterpreting what
Isaiah-- you know that.
We could go on
and on about this.
But I really think Marcion
was right and so does Sarah.
And I'm bringing the issue into
a novelistic form, hopefully,
that it will reach a wider
audience than nonfiction
books generally can
reach because I think
we need to start
thinking about this.
>>REGINA: Well, yes.
And then you start getting into
even the much more dark side
it, which we're
talking about, and this
runs throughout it,
the priestly abuse.
But before we go
there, one thing
that you brought up-- it was
just a little bit in the book--
was that the time
frame on it was
that there were Magdalenite
worshipers as far
back as 15,000 years.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Tell us about that.
I stumbled on that
and thought, OK.
What do you mean?
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
And I noticed that you didn't
really understand that.
>>REGINA: I didn't.
>>HAND CLOW: I know,
and so I'm actually--
this is wonderful to have an
interview because anything
that you don't
understand I'm going
to take a good,
close look at it.
What happens in
the novel is Sarah
becomes-- once she falls in
love with the reporter, Simon,
she starts getting very psychic.
And by the way,
this is very common
because Sarah is a virgin,
and she's playing the role
actually, of a Vestal
virgin of the Roman culture,
which is kind of interesting.
And so she's awakening
sexually rather late
because she's 25 years old.
And so once she starts awakening
sexually, kundalini rising,
she starts becoming extremely
psychic and also he gives her
an engagement ring, a ruby
crystal engagement ring,
which is part-- here it
is-- which is partly--
>>REGINA: Which is
your ruby crystal,
which I have my own
version of it now.
It's wild.
>>HAND CLOW: Basically,
it's wonderful.
It's been writing
the whole book.
I just sit back
and enjoy myself.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I felt the energy in that.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
I know.
It's really been very helpful.
>>REGINA: So she
becomes very psychic--
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
She becomes very psychic.
>>REGINA: --and I was talking
about my misperception
about this Magdalenite thing.
>>HAND CLOW: Right.
So she becomes very psychic,
and she and Simon are already
doing some kind of remote
viewing under the Vatican,
and they're already
exploring things
like black masses going
on under the Vatican,
and those are some of
themes that are in the book.
>>REGINA: And we're going
to talk about that in a sec
after this.
>>HAND CLOW: We'll talk
about that in a minute.
Yeah.
But when she goes down into
the lower part of the Vatican
herself, she sees a
timeline playing itself out.
Timeline starts and 50,000
BC, and these are just
visions on her part, and
we're going to definitely want
to discuss like are they
real or are there visionary.
>>REGINA: What was
she tapping into?
>>HAND CLOW: The core thing
I'm exploring in this book
is the how visions actually
come from another dimension
but they affect us
here, which explains
a lot about these
abuse patterns.
But what happens
for Sarah is she
sees a visionary timeline
under the Vatican going back
50,000 years.
The first group of people are
Neanderthal at that point.
And that's another
sub theme in this book
because the Neanderthal
culture was destroyed,
and it has a lot to do with
some of the themes in the book.
But then the next time
line is Magdalenian.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: All right.
And so the Magdalenian
people were
a group of very
spiritual people.
They weren't Neanderthals.
Now, it's Cro-magnon, and
they're about 20,000 BC
to about 10,000 BC.
So it doesn't have to
do with the Magdalene,
it's the Magdalenian culture.
However, who says
Mary Magdalene has not
been named because of
the Magdalenian culture.
Because the Magdalenian culture
in southern France, and Spain,
and southern
Germany, was probably
one of the most
spiritually-advanced goddess
cultures on the planet.
>>REGINA: I was going to say
it was matriarchal in nature.
>>HAND CLOW:
Matriarchal and also
a very, highly-spiritual
goddess culture,
very, very beautiful
culture as far
as we can see from the cave art.
And then there was a cataclysm
around 9,000-- 10,000 BC,
and that was the end of
the Magdalenian culture.
Then the Neolithic
culture came in
and there's another vision that
she has of Neolithic people.
And then finally, she
comes up to a vision
of what was going on
under the Vatican right
around the time of the building
of the Vatican Basilica.
So that's what it is.
>>REGINA: So thank
you for sharing that,
and it does add that
nuance to it that maybe she
is of that energetic force.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so you
alluded to a moment
ago, where we're talking
about black mass, and let's
talk about the Vatican and
what they stumbled upon
or what they came to understand
through their research
about what's under the
Vatican, and about black mass,
and about 24/7.
So what is all this?
>>HAND CLOW: OK.
This is the part
of the book that
starting to work with
the issue of the fourth
and the third dimension.
And so the book is playing
with both dimensions
and it's not being specific
exactly about what's going on.
The different characters are
having different experiences.
>>REGINA: --in different
timelines and dimensions.
>>HAND CLOW: Some
of their experiences
are third dimensional where
Sarah's abilities have
to do with being able to
read the forth dimension.
>>REGINA: Which you
were able to do.
>>HAND CLOW: Which I can.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Of course.
>>HAND CLOW: So what's going
on with the fourth dimension
is that the fourth
dimension has the ability
to create holograms and idea
forms that actually imprint
and change the third dimension.
And a good example of this would
be a very violent Hollywood
movie that gets created and
then four for five people
go out and commit the
same crime the same way.
Because they have
been instigated
in the third dimension to
carry out a thought form
that has actually been created
in the fourth dimension.
And the reason I work
on this issue so hard
is I believe that this is
what's behind the priestly abuse
issue.
I believe that
what's happening is
that priests are being incited
by fourth-dimensional control
patterns to carry out
actions, and I'm not even sure
that they always even
remember what they were doing.
One of the things that goes
on with abusive patterns that
are carried out in
the third dimension
is they're so strongly driven
by this fourth-dimensional,
holographic thought form reality
that sometimes the participants
don't even know
what they're doing.
But the issue is, who's
creating the program?
What I'm much more
interested in is
the issue, the fourth
dimensional program--
>>REGINA: That's what I
want to find out about.
>>HAND CLOW: --that
causes thousands
and even millions of people to
suffer in the third dimension
is a bigger deal than the
person who actually carries out
an action.
>>REGINA: Let's go
back into "The Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions."
Let's look at the
fourth dimension.
The rulers of the
>>HAND CLOW: Right Yeah.
All right.
According to the
Pleiadians, now "The Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions" originally
comes from "The Pleiadian
Agenda," which I
channeled back in 1995.
And what I did with
"The Pleiadian Agenda"
was I brought through
whatever I was told.
I didn't change anything
that came through,
and the most disturbing
thing that came through
in "The Pleiadian Agenda"
was that the Annunaki are
the control of the
fourth dimension.
And that was a huge
struggle for me.
I've been basically suffering
with that struggle of what
does that mean, how does it
work, for at least 20 years
now.
Meanwhile, I wrote "Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions," which
is a scientific exploration
of "The Pleiadian Agenda"
material.
So I've been able to advance.
It's kind of a
left-brain analysis
of a right-brain channeled book.
>>REGINA: And you know
what was interesting?
After we finished those
two interviews on that,
I realized we
barely even touched
into the Annunaki and
the fourth dimension.
And I thought, why was that
just missing from the interview?
I even had it in my notes.
It's didn't come out.
>>HAND CLOW: Isn't
that interesting?
>>REGINA: I don't
know why didn't.
So I thought it's
appropriate for what
we're talking about
now that now--
>>HAND CLOW: Well,
maybe it's because I've
written whole novel about it.
Because the way it worked
historically speaking,
we know that the Annunaki
were a Sumerian culture back
around 3500 BC, which is
the beginning of-- we could
go into the Carl
Calleman material.
This is the beginning of
the whole Mayan calendar,
patriarchal phase, so that
timing is an important issue.
Then what happens is, the
Sumerians became the Akkadians,
and then they became
the Babylonians,
and then, finally, the Hebrew
people came along around 1800
to 2000 BC, Abraham.
And what happened was when the
Hebrew people pulled together
their scriptures, they
picked from all the creation.
Of course, they took
the creation legends
and all the myths and stories
of the people throughout time.
So what has happened is the
Annunaki religious hologram--
and what it is is
really complicated.
Like I don't agree
with Zecharia Sitchin,
by the way, who isn't
with us anymore--
about how it's necessarily
an extraterrestrial program.
I don't agree with that,
but it could be true.
But I don't think you have
to hold that in order to--
>>REGINA: Regardless.
The implications of Annunaki
in the fourth-dimensional,
field-projected thought forms--
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: --that's still having
the same effect regardless.
>>HAND CLOW: Right.
And I believe that--
this is the thing that's
kind of difficult to
say, but I believe
that God that has
transformed through time
transformed into Yahweh.
In other words, like
the Annunaki's phase
here and the Akkadian phase
is really the Age of Taurus.
Then we go to the Age of Aries
where the deity transforms
into Yahweh, and this is a
deity of power and control,
and this is a master
of the patriarchy.
And so the whole struggle
the last 5,000 years
has been the mastery
of the human race
by means of the patriarchy,
which is very destructive.
We're losing the
powers of the woman,
and we're losing the
powers of the matriarchy.
And I really think that we're
on the verge of a complete flip
at this point,
except that I think
now it'll be a mixture of both.
I don't think we're
going to suddenly have
a full bore matriarchy.
>>REGINA: No.
I wouldn't think so.
It doesn't happen like that.
>>HAND CLOW: I don't
think any of us
want a full bore matriarchy.
>>REGINA: We want balance.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
That's right.
We want balance.
>>REGINA: So now taking
that back story-- which
is really important--
into consideration,
let's talk about the black mass
and what happens at the Vatican
and what you in the book
depict as happening 24/7.
>>HAND CLOW: So notice
what happened here.
By the Christians adopting
the Hebrew scriptures
as the Old Testament, they
brought in that whole hologram
that I just described.
So what they did
was they ingested
this whole abusive patriarchal
God program originally coming
from the Annunaki,
and then they started
to build the Roman
Catholic religion.
And of course, the
Roman Catholic religion,
the location is Rome, and
there's no accidents there
as you can see in the
novel because Rome
is an important power point.
And so the Roman Catholic
Church at that point,
began building the
church in order,
like the Annunaki and,
Akkadian, and Sumerians,
that's the Middle
East, but now we're
talking about a global program.
And so the Vatican
has slowly but surely
been building a global control
program based on banking
and based on the
priesthood carrying
on the succession of Christ.
>>REGINA: But also carrying
on a succession of abuse.
>>HAND CLOW: Well, yeah.
Because then you're
carrying on the succession
of Christ, but what if the
succession is not legitimate?
And so one of the things that I
had a wonderful time exploring
is really getting deep
through the characters.
What's great is, each one, one
guy is an Italian aristocrat,
another character is a reporter.
They all have
different backgrounds,
and therefore, they're
all able to look
at this from a
different point of view.
And so what we're
really looking at here
is the way this Vatic
control process has come up
to this moment, and I think
it's about to explode.
And so when I was 2/3 of
the way through the novel,
Ratzinger Benedict resigns.
>>REGINA: And you speak of
him quite a bit in this book.
>>HAND CLOW: Well, yeah.
Ratzinger is a major
character in this book.
He was anyway, but
when he resigned,
I marched into the
breakfast room at that point
and said to my
husband, I got a novel
because I wrote myself
right into the resignation.
And the whole issue of papal
succession because the story
is, Regina, the
papal succession,
if there was any legitimacy
whatsoever in that whole story
of the succession of the
bishops originally from Peter,
it's been broken by what's
going on in the Vatican.
And right now, we have
Ratzinger living in the Vatican.
Why is he living in the Vatican?
>>REGINA: He's immune
from any justice, for one.
>>HAND CLOW: Nobody
can arrest him.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>HAND CLOW: Because
he was served with--
and this is all covered.
What I did in this
novel and I'm going
to have an explanation
at the end.
All of the discussions about
the priestly sexual abuse
cases, all of the information
about the Vatican, everything
is factual and air tight.
What the characters
do with their lives
and where they go
travel is all fictional.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HAND CLOW: But the background
material is all factual.
>>REGINA: And the percentage
you use in the book is somewhere
between 25% and 30%.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
And that's coming from one of
the best Catholic investigators
into priestly sexual
abuse, Thomas Doyle.
>>REGINA: And that's
the percentage
of the priests who have
indulged in sexual abuse.
>>HAND CLOW: Since the '60s.
Yes.
And his solid estimates are
20% to 25% of Catholic priests
have been abused.
So that may be a person
who just slipped up once.
You know?
>>REGINA: But still.
>>HAND CLOW: But no.
>>REGINA: I know
a number of people
myself who I've bumped into
throughout my life thinking,
really?
And it's kind of shocking for,
if I know that many people--
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: --then those
numbers certainly just
feel to be correct.
>>HAND CLOW: And we left
the church initially
because our children
were in danger.
We got them out before
it was too late.
And fortunately, nothing
happened to our children,
but some of the other
children were abused.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: And many, many
my friends, my Catholic mother
friends can say the same thing.
It's huge.
>>REGINA: It's huge.
>>HAND CLOW: This is huge.
It's so much bigger than
people realize it is.
And then another
thing you have to look
at, which the novel
gets into, it's
collapsing the church
internally because, for example,
in the United States, the
parishes are being forced
to sell their schools and
their churches in order
to pay for these lawsuits.
And Catholicism has
been a central fabric
of American culture.
And so one of the
characters is from Boston,
because Boston Catholicism
is such a deep root,
and I'm going to follow
all the way through.
I think this trilogy
is going to be
tracing the fall of the church.
>>REGINA: Yes, and he's
having his cathartic process.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: Because
he's dyed in the wool.
He's deeply involved
with Boston.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
Yeah.
Sarah's father is Opus Day.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Opus Day.
>>HAND CLOW: He also --
he was abused as a child
and can't remember.
So the different characters
have different relationships
with this.
>>REGINA: So I asked
you a couple of times.
Can you talk about
the black mass?
What is the black mass?
>>HAND CLOW: OK.
The black mass is
a reputed thing
that has been going on
since the Middle Ages
as far as I can tell, maybe
back as far as 500 BC,
where the old system, goddess
system of hirogamos, which
is the sexual intercourse
between the priest or the corn
God or whatever
with the goddess.
A woman plays the
role of the goddess.
It's what creates fertility.
It's what creates the
functioning of the climate
cycles.
It's what creates healthy
birthing and healthy sense
of genetics.
And so what happened
with the black mass was,
there were rumors like
crazy, very credible rumors
that people took
the Catholic mass
and did a black mass ceremony.
And basically, this
involves a woman
being on the altar, sexual
intercourse on the altar,
so it's a reversal
of the Catholic mass.
And I really think
it's clear that this
has been going on for
hundreds of years,
but it's so under the cover.
>>REGINA: But you say
there's a purpose in terms
of the multi-dimensionality
and the use of this energy.
Explain that part, because I
thought that was interesting.
>>HAND CLOW: And
so that's where I'm
exploring it through
my characters.
And so Claudia,
Armando's old girlfriend,
is one of the people who
is one of the participants
in the black mass,
so I'm actually
exploring it through
their experience.
And all I've been
able to do with that
since this is really
undercover stuff,
but I really believe
this has been going on
and is still going on.
And I don't see it necessarily
as a negative thing.
It seems to be a reaction
to the control issues.
>>REGINA: Well, is
it a transmutation--
>>HAND CLOW: It is
a transmutation.
>>REGINA: --of the
energies that are
being perpetuated kind of
above ground at the Vatican
by the church by grounding it
into the old goddess energy
fields?
>>HAND CLOW: I don't that people
in the church are doing it,
primarily.
I think it's people who
are very anti-church who
are participating in it.
>>REGINA: But I
mean they're doing
it to counter-effect
those energies in a sense.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
I think so.
So I mean, I'd rather let
people experience this.
But I'm dealing with
all of these issues
like Sarah's visions,
the black mass,
the issue of masses going
on under the Vatican.
I'm dealing with all of them
from a fictional perspective
and a multi-dimensional
perspective
because I actually
think they can't
be understood any other way.
And regarding, for instance,
the issue of masses,
there's a description in the
book of caves under the Vatican
to the four directions
under the basilica where
masses are going on 24/7.
This was something that was
told to me by a Catholic priest,
and of course, I can't
reveal the source on this.
And so I -- years and years
ago, this was told to me like 30
years ago.
And so I've been thinking
about that ever since,
and I don't know how third
dimensional it actually is,
but I think there's
something going on there.
And so one of the things I
went after deeply in this novel
is what is really going on
with the power of the mass.
Even if it's not going on
24/7 under the Vatican,
it's going on globally 24/7.
So I'm really using the
Vatican just like a vortex,
like a grand square vortex,
and that's so interesting
because we're coming
up to a grand square
in April, a major
astrological grand square.
Because grand
squares bring things
into manifestation, and
so the Catholic church
has literally manifested
itself as a global power entity
by going all over the world
and taking over sacred sights.
All of the Catholic churches,
especially the oldest ones,
are all built on the top
of original power spots,
especially in the area of
the Magdalenian culture.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And Notre-Dame, for
example, and others, yes.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
All of the churches.
And we have letters
from Augustine of Hippo
back in 600 AD
instructing the priests
as they went up
north into Germany
and went into
England and Scotland,
and all that, to find the
power spots of the people,
and get the land, and build
the church right there.
So what they've done is, they've
created this system of building
churches on power places,
and the churches usually
are fairly tall.
There's always a goal to have
a church be fairly tall so you
can activate the
power spot, which
is under the earth-- the
first and second dimension--
and then you can use the mass
to control this activation.
Now, when you think
about it with churches,
churches are like a
multi-dimensional cap
over Earth force.
So my issue is, what is
going on with the mass?
And the book is
working with the idea
that the mass was a
carry over of the Hebrew
sacrificial rituals,
which are coming
from the Canaanite sacrificial
rituals all the way back,
and I think it's
time to stop it.
>>REGINA: Well, what
better way to stop it
than to have revealed these
distorted and dark practices
at a time when, as you
say astrologically,
the planet has this
square descending
upon it for wholesale
change on a systemic level.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: So it seems to
me that it's perfect time.
Your book is perfect timing,
and to speak about this openly,
it's the correct
time to do that.
And let's talk about
Ratzinger himself.
Ratzinger had a bit of a
shadow in his past as well.
I mean, there was the one
incident I think in Poland,
satanic rituals more
than 20 years ago.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
In Holland.
>>REGINA: What?
Holland.
OK.
>>HAND CLOW: I'm not covering
satanic rituals in the book.
>>REGINA: No, you're not.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
Simply because I have not
had any experience with it.
I'm only going after
stuff I really know.
But yeah, there's
very credible evidence
that Ratzinger and some
high church officials
and high politicians in
Holland were involved
in a satanic ritual
of a little girl.
One witness came
forth and people
started listening turn her.
Now, a second one has come
forth who were actually there,
and this is building.
Here is the critical
thing, Regina.
This occurred August 16, 1987.
Now, anybody who knows anything
about harmonic convergence,
remember harmonic
convergence, August 16
and August 17, 1987, which was
a directed time of ascension
and the connection into
the universal realm
delineated the Mayan
calendar, and it
would appear that this ritual
was conducted to shut it down.
>>REGINA: Oh.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So this is the day
before, people gathering,
I was at Mount Shasta,
all over the world.
>>HAND CLOW: All we know
about the satanic rituals,
it occurred in mid-August.
That's close enough.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
That's close enough.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
I know.
So that's a sidebar in the book,
but Ratzinger is definitely a--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
A shadowy figure.
>>HAND CLOW: I can't
even call him Benedict,
because I love Saint
Benedict so much.
I can't stand it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
We get that.
So he's exactly, I guess, he's
hiding out where he needs to.
He's a prisoner of
his own device now.
>>HAND CLOW: Well, there's
a nunnery in the Vatican
that was built so
that nuns, women
could go to pray for the
pope and pray for the church.
They kicked all the women
out and Ratzinger's in there.
>>REGINA: What a rat.
No. but anyway, OK.
What about -- this
isn't in the book,
but I want to know if it's
anything that you've looked
into or studied, the
notion of the black pope.
>>HAND CLOW: The black pope?
>>REGINA: The black pope.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
This actually is in the book.
>>REGINA: I don't
remember that part.
Could you tell us?
>>HAND CLOW: I'm touching on the
issue in the book of the Fatima
prophecies and the prophecies
of Malachi and the issue
of the black pope,
Petrus Romanus--
>>REGINA: Yes.
Oh, yes.
>>HAND CLOW: --and the
issue of the last pope.
And I'm leaving Pope
Francis, I don't
mind him being
called Pope Francis
because I think he may
really be a good guy.
>>REGINA: It seems like it.
>>HAND CLOW: And so I'm leaving
him on the fence in the novel
because it -- because basically
the novel ends a couple
of months after he came in.
>>REGINA: Are you going
to get into Francis?
>>HAND CLOW: Yes.
In the second book.
But I realized there's
no way, in this book,
I'm going to have
the information.
We'll see what happens.
>>REGINA: Well, when he went
after the world of finance
within two weeks.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
He went after some
key fin-- he got rid
of Tarcisio Bertone, a
very, very black cardinal.
So he's been cleaning
out some people.
You know, he's lucky he's still
alive at this point with what
he's doing.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That he hasn't been poisoned.
>>HAND CLOW: So to me,
the judgment's out.
There's issues of his
background in Argentina
when he was running one
of the Jesuit facilities.
>>REGINA: What's the accusation?
>>HAND CLOW: I forget the
title that you have for that,
but he was running a major group
of the Jesuits in Argentina.
But this was the time
of the revolution
and this was a time
of the struggle.
>>REGINA: Oh,
against the Perones?
>>HAND CLOW: Anybody who's
ever been in a situation
like that and you're
playing a role
and you're trying to do
something to save people,
sometimes you do this,
sometimes you do that.
I just don't know.
I would say that the
number of complaints
against his behavior during
that time are not considerable,
so I'm just going to
keep my eye on him.
But it's pretty clear
to me who Ratzinger is.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So at least he's
out of the picture.
What about the whole notion.
You talk about these sacred
spots and the 12 degrees
longitudinally.
What is that about?
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
This is bringing in the work
of Carl Johan Calleman who
wrote about the whole issue of
nine underworlds, the creation
of the Mayan calendar going
back 16.4 billion years.
And one of the most
interesting concepts and ideas
that Calleman has
explored is the issue
of a midline at 12
degrees east longitude.
And this midline, if
you look at a map,
would run into Africa right
about where Gabon is located,
then it comes up
through Tunisia,
and then it comes
up through Italy,
and then it goes
up through Germany,
and up through Gothenburg,
and keeps going north.
And Calleman developed the
idea that on the eastern side
of this midline, there
were certain forces
playing on the Western side,
certain forces where at play,
and that there's
huge conflict that
gets activated at the midline.
So I got into this idea
because the Vatican is located
on the midline, and the
third Fatima prophecy says
that what's going to
happen is, the East is
going to conquer the West.
Now, I don't know
whether the East
is going to conquer the West.
If they do, it will be
the end of the planet,
and if the West
conquers the East,
it will be the
end of the planet.
And I think we're
going to continually go
back and forth like this.
But it shows that
tremendous conflict
that's operative
right at the midline.
And I think one of the ways
the Vatican has developed
global power is to play
with that polarity.
So then I'm dealing
with the issue
of under the Vatican and
the lower dimensions,
and the book is getting
into the underworld,
the issue of the
demons, all that.
So I'm playing with all of it.
And my main issue
with all of it is
trying to look at
it from a third
and a fourth dimensional
point of view,
because people get really
confused about this.
One example would be,
for, me David Icke
doesn't understand
the difference
between the third and the
fourth dimension very well.
>>REGINA: He's tapping
into the Annunaki, perhaps
motives, agendas, and so forth.
But you're saying that
other dimension is missing.
>>HAND CLOW: And I
love David Icke's work.
>>REGINA: I do too.
He's a brother.
>>HAND CLOW: But I think
he feels like the reptilian
agenda is more 3D
than it actually is.
>>REGINA: I see.
>>HAND CLOW: So I'm using
Armando who is possessed
by dark forces
until he actually--
>>REGINA: Part of this
elite Italian family.
Very beautiful, very artistic,
very seductive character.
>>HAND CLOW: Classic blue blood.
Classic blue blood,
reptilian line.
So I'm not denying
the existence of this.
I'm attempting to
flesh it out more
in terms of helping
us understand
what kind of integrity
do you have in 3D?
Do you really have free will?
Can demons and reptiles and all
that destroy your free will?
I don't think so when
people have clear integrity.
So the characters are
playing with that,
like what does it take
to be a person who
is beyond being impacted by
fourth-dimensional forces.
So Simon's father is a Magus.
He's a Magus in a Jewish
line coming from Isaac Luria,
or Luria is how
you pronounce that.
So I'm just playing with
all of those things.
>>REGINA: And each one
going through their own self
examination and going through
their own transformations
partially or fully depending
on the character, which
leaves you a lot to play with
in your next couple of books.
One thing, you weren't
talking about it
in the book that I
recall, that I look at
is, the commonality of the
behavior between the Vatican
and the Catholic
church and their darker
practices in Hollywood.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Very similar
energy between the two.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
Fourth dimensional,
third dimensional energy.
And this is important.
The other thing
this novel is doing
is it's really playing with the
timeline at the Mayan calendar.
So everything in the novel
builds up to December 21, 2012,
and so everything's moving
toward one point and then
suddenly everything shifts.
That's what happened to us.
If people go back
and think about what
was going on in January,
February, March, April, May
2013, which is when
the novel ends,
everything shifted profoundly.
So what I was doing
was, I was looking
at the way people were shifting
after the calendar ended
because the next
book is going to get
into the actual
transformational process that's
coming up after the calendar.
>>REGINA: And what's so amazing
is that we're sitting here
having this conversation
that's going
to be shared with many
thousands of people.
And another time, a
few hundred years ago,
we would be experiencing
fire at our feet
for even talking about it.
So we can just take,
I think, great heart
in how far we've come
as a species already.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
We really have, like the
main Italian journalist,
a guy named something Nuzzi.
I can't remember his first
name-- Gianluigi Nuzzi.
He's the one who
really exposed what
was going on with Benedict.
And he just said
in an interview,
he said that we're
getting someplace
because this book
would have never
been published 10 years ago--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>HAND CLOW: --but
now, now it's out.
Now, it's interesting.
It was published
in Italian, but it
hasn't been translated
into English
even though people
are screaming for it.
So people are keeping that lid
on it, so I blew the lid off.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Very good.
One thing.
In part of the stop, they go out
on a tour of the city of Siena.
And the Duomo in Siena, I fell
so in love with the first time
I went there, I'd never
experienced any kind of edifice
like that.
For everyone else watching who
has been to the Duomo in Siena,
what is it about that structure?
>>HAND CLOW: Well, think of
the black and white travertine
marble.
The cathedral in Siena is
the ultimate sort of yin
and yang and playing of
the dark and the light,
and it goes back to the days
of the medieval synthesis.
It was built between
about 1150 and 1300 AD
when the synthesis
was still powerful.
What's the medieval synthesis?
Well, back in the
Middle Ages, the church
had still not stomped
out the earlier cultures,
and Siena has the
strongest imprint
at this point in time of
the medieval synthesis
of any place on
the planet Earth.
And the way you can see this is
the town has these 17 contrade,
and the 17 contrade have
this medieval thing they do,
which is they have this
race called the Palio, which
is a horseback race.
And each one of the contrade
is a different animal,
and if it goes back to
the saving of the species.
The medieval synthesis
was profoundly ecological,
and those codes are
being protected by Siena.
>>REGINA: That's
interesting because you
can feel it when you go there.
>>HAND CLOW: And when you
go there, you can feel it.
You can feel it.
I love Siena.
>>REGINA: So for anyone
going to Italy soon,
you've got to go to
the Duomo in Siena.
And then finally,
the story ends up,
which I assume you're
going to pick it up
in Barcelona with
Gaudi's amazing work.
>>HAND CLOW: So the book
ends with Simon and Sarah
going to La Sagrada Familia,
and it's obvious, at this point,
you want the sequel.
Unfortunately, I'm going to
start writing it this summer,
and it will come.
It won't take as
long the second time.
The first one was hard.
>>REGINA: Barbara,
thank you so much.
I can't tell how
honored I feel--
>>HAND CLOW: Well, thank you.
>>REGINA: --that you have
chosen to speak prematurely--
because the book is not out
just yet-- with us about this.
>>HAND CLOW: Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: It's a fun
ride, and you're right.
I'm ready for the sequel.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
Good.
Thank you.
You're ready for Armando.
>>REGINA: Well, a
transformed Armando.
Of course.
"The Ruby Crystal" is a
sexy, fun, and sometimes very
adult ride chock full
of the hidden secrets
of the elite power
structures and the Vatican
as you've gathered
from our conversation.
The book will be
available in late 2014.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.